[Music]
some people actually fear success
success comes with a lot
right but until you can overcome that
average reality that you're living it no
matter what you're on once you become
comfortable there it becomes average
anyone can live in average everyone can
live in mediocrity right then there's
those outliers
who consistently push themselves to go
to the next level
and the thing about the human mind and
the human body
it will go as far as you push it
everybody welcome to another episode of
impact theory today we are going to melt
your brain we are here with the one and
only the wall street trapper what's goes
good what's up dude i'm good man i
appreciate you letting me come man i
could not be more excited so we were
talking before we started rolling so you
are not a financial advisor nobody
should take this as advice i don't want
you to have to caveat that over and over
um but you understand the stock market
and you are bringing
sound investment principles to
people that typically thought that this
[__] was either
beyond them uninteresting and cool
whatever and i think you are changing
lives in a way that few people are
and throughout the course of this
interview i have no doubt i'm going to
heap you with praise because i am so
blown away by what you're doing and how
good you are at it and i think that's
really the important part but let's
first go into the story so that people
understand your bona fides how you came
up
start with prison how would change your
life what you learned that would be
super helpful though so even before
prison
at about 9 or 10 i saw my moms get shot
in front of my face
so immediately
my mindset on violence was it's a
necessary evil
right because i was surrounded around it
right so my
early years were surrounded with
violence i saw my mama selling drugs i
saw my mama robbing i saw my mom's get
robbed i saw her get shot and then she
later on went to prison
right so i saw that early at 14
um
my mom was in prison and i lost my
grandmother which was who i was living
with at the time
and my mom and my grandmother always had
this conflict where my grandmother was
like listen
he doesn't need to be exposed to that my
my grandmother was an entrepreneur so i
saw entrepreneurship from two different
um spectrums my mama as a hustler and
the streets teach you so much about
investing in business
right and we never can connect the two
because we aren't exposed to that yet
this is all we know so we live in this
dome and then what happens is we start
to adjust to house around us just like
in investing in entrepreneurship you
have to understand your competitors
in the street you got to not only
understand your competitors which is the
people who are hustling against you you
also got to understand the predators
right and so you understand all of that
so
uh mom's goes to jail grandmother's
entrepreneur she has a fruit company and
so she's telling my mom like yo like you
can't just expose him to this
and so my mom is like rogue but she's
like listen
the streets is all around us we talking
like 1989
1990 92 new orleans murder capital of
the year back to back to back like
that's all it's known for at this time
um
and my mom says listen
he has to know this it's the only way
he's going to survive in new orleans
so
if anybody has to teach it to him i'm a
teacher to him i'm not going to hide it
i'm not going to sugarcoat it some
people like she was a tyrant but i
understood it because it helped me
survive in those tough years of my life
um
14 i'm homeless because my mom's in
prison my grandmother's dies i go to
delaware for about
60 days at 14 yeah i go to because my
uncle lives out there
and nobody wanted to take me in
it's kind of like taking and i don't use
a bed like taking a wild animal and
trying to domesticate him it's extremely
hard and nobody has the patience for it
right yeah so i go to delaware and i
just get in trouble like back to back to
back to the point where
the police comes to my uncle's house
like three times my uncle is just like
bro like i can't do it right you
affecting my family right now i'm like i
get it i go home
so now i'm like homeless for a minute
sleeping in a banner house sleeping in
abandoned cars but it don't bother me
like i'm like alright cool that's what
we're doing
uh i moved with my aunt who at the time
was on drugs so i'm like okay i got a
roof over my head but we live in a
duplex so that's a house you know it's
two houses
and i turned the the landlord was uh
on drugs so i created a deal with her to
let me get this side of the crib and i
would pay her in drugs every month and
let me just make this my trap house at
the time so i'm 14 years old i got my
own crack house i'm living on this side
i'm paying my 18 crack she's taking all
of my clothes and my shoes and cracking
whatever the case may be but at 14 this
is what i'm doing right um i'm only
really going to school at this time to
just like fraternize
i wasn't really tripping on learning but
i was kind of smart like i'm still
passing but school was just a way for me
to not be on the street all day every
day
um
i wind up saying you know what this this
this makes no sense for me what did you
think about learning at that point
survival
that's that was the only thing you're
not reading yet though no i'm not i'm
just on survival mode like the world i
just want to get to the next day i want
to make as much money as i can selling
crack i got to send my mama money in
jail right i got to go to jail i got to
switch shoes out so she can still be fly
like i'm going through that process so
survival is the only thing that makes
sense at this time the game is the only
thing that makes sense at this time
right it's no what are your future what
do you want to be in the future i don't
know i'll be the biggest dope deal i can
be i don't know right that's it
so
uh i go to prison at 16 for attempt
murder arms right as an adult yep tried
as adult uh so i got robbed i got set up
um
the female i was dealing with at the
time and that's part of the game uh so
i was just too open with her in a
situation and it happened so i wound up
getting set up a dude kicks in the door
uh putting mac 11 on my face and he was
like yo like give it here so me i'm like
man
i don't got nothing she was like you
playing me sweet [__] it back and i
guess she don't want to see me get
killed because in my mind i'm like yo
i ain't gonna let you just rob me like
this because there's no mass on in the
streets it's the difference between
robbing me and jagging me
robbing me is when you still have a mass
on jack it means when you have no mass
on and you like yo
you know who i am
get it in blood come see me he had no
masks nah that's so that's a bold
statement in the streets right
so i'm like man i don't got nothing bruh
so she wanted like yo give it to him
he's right here so she tell him where's
that or whatever and so i figure out who
he is the streets always tell you who he
is
so i went to prison for shooting him six
times oh god yes so i would have
prisoned for a tent murder so not in
that moment you
basically find him not find him yeah not
late maybe like three days later three
four days later so at 16 i go to prison
for a 10 murder on a robbery
i could have got more but my auntie at
the time knew the judge
and you know she kind of like told him
my story crazy thing is i met him about
two before three years ago
and i told him thank you the judge yes
whoa i told him thank you i got
presented with an award in new orleans
for being an outstanding father whoa
and i had no speech
yeah i had no speech i got a picture in
my phone i'll show it to you um and he
wound up passing like two years ago but
i got that moment because in that moment
when he gave me the 10 years he said i'm
saving your life young man
by getting you off the street by giving
you these 10 years because they could
have given me 25 30 again attempt on
robbery with the dude coming to court it
doesn't matter that we was in the
streets or not right all they knew is he
got shot
right so i couldn't even say oh he ride
me out of some drugs
the hell it's not gonna go it's not
gonna go for it right so
uh i saw him and he was like uh
maybe 2020 right before the pandemic
matter of fact and i told him thank you
because that changed my life um but in
prison
uh i had a fight with two of my homies
in prison um we fight for like four
hours
back to back i'm just fighting one after
another one like we just fighting
um and i go to
solitary confinement and at this time
all this parish prison is considered
like one of the worst parish prisons in
the united states of america right
and
i go to the cell
and i meet this white guy
that was the turning point of my life
i give him a cell with him
and i'm frustrated like i'm kind of
busted up
um and he sees me and i guess he's in
awe of the idea
of
so many black people
are in this position
he says something to me he says
man y'all playing the wrong game
and so in my mind like i'm fresh i'm
like man what the [__] are you talking
about like bro like don't make me whip
your ass in here right now like he's
like no no no he's like listen bro i
don't mean
no harm no disrespect
but y'all like why
so i guess he's like perplexed by this
whole dynamic of all of these black men
in here
and i'm like man what are you talking
about man like
this this
this ain't no game like this it's real
and so he says something he said that's
the problem
y'all don't even know it's a game
[__] and so when he told me i'm like
like it's something about when you mad
and you in the moment but like something
when it makes sense it hits you like a
ton of bricks
so i'm like
what
he was like man listen man
there's a game that's being played
and you're playing a game that you can't
win
for a minute i just start thinking about
the people who i knew that was in the
streets everybody lost everybody
suffered the same fate
there was nobody in the street that i
knew at 16 at one everybody i knew had
either been to prison been shot got
killed their father like everybody
suffered the same fate so my rebuttal to
him is this well if it's such a game you
know the rules why are you here with me
it's a good question right he says
i'm in here
2.8 million dollars embezzlement i paid
800 000 restitution i kept 2 million
have you ever seen two million
i'm like man get the [__] out of here
you [__] lying
so one thing about prison in jail you
can show your paperwork like you can lie
all you want but your paperwork tells me
so i said let me see your paperwork day
so in in new orleans i had a red bastard
red band means attempt murder on robbery
kidnapping carjacking violent offense
he has on a red and white man at the
time the red and white band means you're
in
federal custody and it's crazy because
in prison or in jail like if you get a
federal ban that's like a hierarchy it's
like you know something that we don't
know you next level right so
um he showed me his paperwork his right
damn black and white and immediately he
got my attention
because the red and white man makes me
respect you a different level at 16 but
then when i see it in your paperwork i
had never seen 2.8 million dollars
written down nowhere right
right so that changes my idea like damn
so tell me how do i do what you do
so how do i do that he was like nah it's
not even about that
so he tells me these the first three
things he said listen man
wealthy people do three things man
they stop trading time for money
they make their money work for them
and they give as much value to people as
they can i want to stop you there for a
second i know where you're going with
this we're going to go there but one
thing i love about your [__] story
dude you don't say
one thing that white people do is no one
thing that wealthy people getting people
to see that to me that's the game
is recognizing that this isn't it
doesn't break along uh racial lines the
way people think it does and my time
working in the inner city showed me this
is not about that
but this is about
class for sure and getting people to
understand that they can move between
classes
that's the [__] game sorry i just had
to say that's so important
there is a shift but and there's the
exposure part so like just coming up in
the streets you only see the game from
the lowest level
and you look at everybody else in part
admiration
and part like jealousy cause you see it
and you like damn i will never get there
right and so the only way that i think i
can get that is through sports
or hustling
that's it that's the only uh wrapping
those are the only three options that
you have
and so
you you make a decision on which way you
want to go
right and so you look at it from like
damn and so me i'm at the time like man
i can't rap i think i'm sure i can't
play sports so hustling is what i got
you limit yourself and nobody comes
along and teaches you anything different
so giving us three things again the
wealthy people so you say wealthy people
stop trading time for money they start
making their money work for them and
they give value to as much value to
people as they can the caveat i mean we
got a little deep into that he said
the reason why you give people so much
value is because if you give them so
much value they'll never leave you
they'll always be fit up there for you
and you will never need for anything as
long as you give well the value to
people
and so i learned that as i got older
that part really didn't make sense to me
at the time but the money working for
you part and i was like what the how do
you make your money work for you again
all i know is how to go get money
that's all i know
so later on in that he says wealthy
people do three things so this we in the
cell for about 45 days so all of his
conversations now that you said it's
never was black or white every
conversation with him about money and
transition was always wealthy people do
it was always it wasn't white people do
it wasn't black people it was always
wealthy people do this right wealthy
people do this and i was like damn and
now that you said that this now makes
sense to me again so he says wealthy
people
first they get into stocks then they
start a business and then they get real
estate so if when people ask me how do i
get into stocks is because i followed
that rule
or like first let me if he would say
real estate business i would have been
i'd have been the real estate trainer
but he said stocks first and i was like
damn and so i just
my my rest of my time in prison i wanted
to be that
i wanted to be a part of that wealthy
conversation so in prison it's easy to
get you know i took my time i researched
the warren buffets and the
peter lynches and i'm not going to lie
in the beginning that [__] was like
chinese to me right
right this is a foreign language
and so what happened to me
was it started reminding me of being in
the streets
everything about it and i heard this
term one time that said the real
gangsters are on wall street the real
gangsters are in the government and i
was like damn
and so once i started getting into the
stock market i want to [__] with that
idea for a second
i'm thinking through this in in real
time so forgive me if i'm not good but
this is one of the things about you that
i think is so interesting when i hear so
i'm good at making money
i'm not good at investing money
so
when i
hear you talk about stocks you make it
sound [__] edgy and cool and makes me
want to like learn about it and get into
it
and there is this idea of um
making something
cool that i think people try to uh
wash it away but when you think about
the phrase the real gangsters are in
wall street it hopefully it helps people
break through some idea of like oh well
they were born into that and that's why
they have it that isn't true they were
taught something which they happened to
be taught because they were born into it
but once you latch on to they were born
into it you think then it's not for me
once you realize no no it doesn't matter
how or why they got taught they got
taught and that's what allows them to
move like a gangster to give that word a
you know yeah there is definitely some
negativity and there are people in the
the financial system that really are
like [__] gangsters and they're
[__] sinister but if people can let
go of that idea
not everybody with money is sinister and
getting money doesn't make you sinister
and that's why one thing that i think is
important and i know we talked about
before we started rolling you're a
little bit conflicted how much do i show
my growing wealth
and i think that i normally hate when
people flex and i i i won't say that i
never flex but i never go out of my way
to flex
but it's important for people to see
that you by living the way that you live
you don't just get a talk cool you
actually live in a different way which
is really [__] interesting anyway so
the real gangsters are on wall street
yes yes and so and
what happens is and just let me say this
right quick the reason why people think
wealthy people are people with money or
sinister is because that's what you kind
of taught in the hood
like you kind of talk like
the people who really have money like
they did some wicked [__] to get it they
did some backstabbing cut those [__] to
get it and you'll never get that
right and so
that same mentality now happens on a
lower level right the hustling the dope
dealing so now you think like yo i gotta
just do sinister [__] to get money and
then the people who are successful in
the drug game they're looking at the
people at the top like damn i want to be
that but the people at the bottom will
never get a taste of that and so now we
just kind of living off ambition and so
now the people who in the middle who
work in they're like all them people
with money they all crooks they all
because being at the bottom teaches you
to envy people at the top right
it just happens it's a it's something
that brews down there right it's kind of
like you cook i don't know if you had
gumbo before right but it's kind of when
you cook food right the base goes to the
bottom and so most people live in that
bottom never knowing how they'll get up
there right i remember so when i was
working in the inner cities i remember
having this moment where i was like wait
a second this is not an intelligence
problem intelligence is evenly
distributed like in i remember saying to
my wife the next [__] elon musk is
going to be found somewhere in compton
the problem is he doesn't believe in
himself and so he's not going to do
anything and so i became obsessed with
this idea that generational poverty is
not about money it's about mindset
now it will manifest as money but it is
that so i remember i had one kid come to
me and and i was the first person that
told him you can be successful like what
the [__] why do you not think you can be
successful it didn't even make sense to
me and he was like well my mom always
told me that the world didn't want to
see people that look like me succeed i
was like i'm sorry what i'm like even if
your mom had good intentions that is the
worst [__] advice ever because if you
think you can't be successful that will
govern the way that you move
right so kobe bryant people that have
listened to me for a while have heard
this quote a thousand times but booze
don't block dunks the world the world
can hate you all they want but if you're
good enough think about this
the best basketball players in the world
were paid millions of dollars to stop
kobe bryant from scoring and the
[__] scored 81 points in a
single game 81 points when you've got
five people paid millions of dollars
actively trying to stop you and they
can't because you've gotten that good
that to me is the game of money people
can not want you to succeed all they
want but if you out invest them they
can't stop you they can't stop you
they can't stop you
and so getting people to
break through that so that was the first
time i realized whoa wait a second we've
got people thinking in a way that
governs their behavior such that and now
i'm going to quote you which i had never
heard this before but this scares the
[__] out of me if you want to hide
something from a black person put it in
a book [__]
so
that's heinous in ways i can't even
explain and i'll say that it really
again doesn't break along racial lines
it breaks along economic lines so if
people are
not
encouraging you to read you're not going
to read it's [__] hard in the
beginning it feels like you're learning
chinese
how do you how did you break through
that so there's a few things where we
can get into that so there's this
economic thread
that weaves itself through
the hood
and
one of the things we do have to
understand is that
there has been intentionality
when it comes to preventing
black culture from thriving economically
so we look at like black wall street we
look at durham north carolina we look at
rosewood every time an affluent black
neighborhood gets in that level we're
like yo we about to do it and they set
the tone for the rest of them
that get bombed it get pillaged it gets
that happens and so now that becomes
discouraging
right it's like yo like every time we
try yo like [__] man right and so now
what happens with that is that mindsets
get that mindset gets impregnated in the
next generation
for fear of survival
right like yo don't try to become this
as a collective because they're gonna
bomb this and i don't want to see you
dead so we'll low level think now that
is intentional
what happens is now
no one now believes that it's possible
once you keep passing that down you
start accepting the lower level
and then there's a few of us or a few
people who said no i'ma i'll leave you
like i'm about to go for it and then
whatever happens i'm with that [__]
you feel me so for me again one of the
greatest things that happened to me was
my mother telling me like the world is
raw and you got to get this [__] how you
live but i also saw my grandmother be a
legal entrepreneur so i saw it from both
worlds
the greatest thing that ever happened to
me was going to prison
because i was able to sit down
and mature
in that environment whereas had i been
in the world i'm not saying i wouldn't
still be this but the path would have
been completely different did you do all
10 years i did eight years and nine
months god damn 85 of it and so had i
still been on the street i would have
now been struggling with survival one of
the things that happens often in the
culture of black people is survival mode
you never get a chance to play offense
you're always on defense
one
because of mindset
because you don't see it
again the duke dealer and the rapper
everybody who's working is struggling
and so you never want to be that
you never want to be that you're like
damn like why have everybody struggling
i need to do something different
so while i'm in prison
i i pick up a habit of reading
that was the game changer for me
on the streets i never had the
opportunity to just sit down and read
because i'm always trying to survive
in prison there was no longer a survivor
mode there
when we look at it from when we break
everything down
we break everything down and we look at
it from a skeleton i have a roof over my
head
i have a bed it's not the most
comfortable bed i have a bed i get three
meals a day whether i like it or not i
have
the essentials right
um
i started hustling in prison so i was
working in the laundry
and so uh your clothes don't really get
clean so i found a hustle like yo i'll
wash your clothes when we do it but it's
five dollars or 25 a month so that gave
me a whole
another set of money and then i started
being like a numbers dude how vegas have
the numbers the bet and i became a
numbers guy so i had to talk that's it
self talk i used to get the usa today i
used to look at this guy danny sheridan
he used to put out the line and then i
would take his numbers and put those
numbers on my ticket and my ticket was
called braveheart so now i did college
football
nfl football
and laundry i had a whole thing going i
checked this out there's five units in
prison i had people in each unit
selling tickets for me as in
distributors so the streets was the same
in there
right and so in each unit there are six
eight domes so one person responding he
had runners and everybody worked for me
and so that's how i survived but i had
time now to just sit down and read
and i would read one my first book ever
reading was sister soldier coldest
winter ever
changed i was like dan this is dope so i
went through the reading the hood
classics and then i jumped into like
let me understand assistant soldier like
the hip-hop artist yeah she had a book
the chorus went to eva [__]
phenomenal book
i read it and i was like damn like this
[__] it's dope
so i went through a phase where i was
reading like the hood books and then i
was like man i live this [__] already no
matter how many times you tell a hood
story it's still the same i've lived
this [__] for real i don't keep need to
read this
and so
i used to get up in the mornings and
watch cnbc
so why are you people in prison they
love to watch the young and the
wrestlers
and so i would have to get up before
them to watch like squawk box jim cramer
and i had to be like damn
these [__] making all this
money and they not risking their life
something got to change for me
like something got to change
and so i just started listening to them
every day and i started comparing it to
the streets
a good business is just like a good
hustler a good business has great
product
they have great clientele a great
hustler has a great product he has
consistent clientele a good business on
the stock market has what's called a
moat a competitive edge that keeps his
competitors away
a good hustler on the street is going to
have that competitive edge where they'd
be like nah yo i ain't rocking you i'ma
just waste a trap come back right so
there's the competitive edge a good
business has a good brand emote me my
name is good right so a good hustler on
the street yo trap got that blue magic
i'm good on you like if i can't get
trapped i'm gonna just go try but trap
got that blue magic that's what i'm
rocking with brandon mo right that's it
a great business on the stock market has
more assets more liquidity than debt
a good hustler on the street is if you
don't learn how to fund your business if
you're operating well all you have is
re-up money you're not going to last
long
so those components reminded me the same
in the on the stock market uh in the
world if a company's paying terrors
that's equivalent to a bus a dude on the
street going paid draft to go hustling
somebody huh like you can't hustle over
here unless you pay me draft it's the
same as a terror
it's the same thing yeah so once i
understand i broke the game down to a
way that i can understand it wasn't
about me just being brilliant it was
like yo how do i make the game winnable
for me this is a really important idea
this is what i talk about with business
and mindset i always tell people you
have to understand how the game works
and what i mean by that is there's a
physics to everything so there's a
physics of business so thinking from
first principles how how these things
are actually structured
and i think the big breakthrough and
i've heard you say this i think this is
really smart there's a difference
between the basics and the fundamentals
yes the basics is just one-on-one yeah
so here are the sort of words and
phrases you're going to need the
fundamentals are the physics
this this is how it works
and once you know how something works
then you can get good at it but if you
and and i really think the vast majority
of humanity and i don't care what class
you're in the vast majority of humanity
does not understand how the world works
yep therefore they are at the mercy of
the world and the people that figure out
how it works can
change things you know i mean we'd use a
negative word say manipulate but it
really isn't that like this is power
close your eyes imagine a world better
than this one
open your eyes get the skills to make
that world come true and go actually
make it come true that's [__] power
and that imagine being able to close
your eyes imagine something open your
eyes and actually be able to create it
that's [__] power so to whether
that's to
change
you know people growing up in the inner
cities whether that's to create
generational wealth in your own family
whether that's to learn architecture and
build a bridge or a house whatever like
that is the point but to be able to do
that you have to understand
how things work and like yeah that's
that is to me what is so powerful about
you
you understand a game that a lot of
people that are disenfranchised
understand the streets and you're saying
[__] this is just physics let
me show you the correlate over here it's
all the same [__]
that's it and so that's that's important
for me the understanding the basics and
the fundamentals like once you start
understanding the fundamentals you give
yourself power because you now
understand like you said you see how the
machine works
right and so most people look at the
machine and marvel and say either i'm
like most people look at the stock
market most
98 of the people who i know look at the
stock market say yo that's not a game i
can play
i'm staying away from it and so the ways
the way it's set up is
the world is set up well listen cool i
don't even want you to play just give me
your money i'll play it for you so we
look at like banks like we understand
that banks don't necessarily work in our
favor
right so banks only give us 0.05 percent
interest on the money we have there well
we can get eight percent just by putting
our money in the index fund so why would
i just sit my money in the bank and let
the bank make all the money because all
they gonna do is invest the money for
you so they now operating as the plug
they operate now as the man who i'm
gonna front you this i'm gonna make my
money i'm gonna take the cut i'm gonna
give you just enough to keep coming back
i'm gonna go to the plug who's the plug
the stock market
right and so once i understood the
fundamentals of like the most important
thing too is we don't understand how
money works
that's a whole different language in its
own
the relationship with money in my
community is you make money
just enough to pay bills and so once you
get tired of paying bills you say you
know what i need to treat myself to
something
right no matter if i got to go in debt
no matter if i i need to treat myself to
something to take this misery away
so you treat yourself to something that
you can't afford at the time
right but it makes you feel good in the
moment
and so because it makes you feel good
you say you know what
i'm living this is a reprieve from
everyday struggle
let me get back on the hamster wheel
and so the sacrifice now becomes hard
because now you're saying i gotta work
work work and never get that reprieve
i'm not willing to do that right and so
that's the mindset comes in and say
everybody around me
had the same problem
no one represented the solution
so if i don't change something i'm only
going to end up like everybody else i
know
somebody has the solution somewhere
there's too many people out here living
the life of their dreams that i'm
watching they know something i don't
know and the only thing that they had
was access to a different type of
information
so once i went got the information i now
wanted to sing from the mountains i was
like yo look at this dope thing i found
everybody gonna be a part of it and then
when i showed it to people it was like
that ain't it bro i'm not about to do
that and so
i realized how powerful it was for me to
one become economically
like powerful in my mind
because the thing about investing
especially in stocks is that piece of
ownership of everything that i use
now makes me say well if i own that
apple
god i don't care about buying an apple
phone if i'm gonna wear levi's and i'm
gonna wear timberlands if i can own vfc
corp then i own the stuff that i'm
buying i'm okay with that like that
subtle shift in my mindset
changed everything for me because now i
was after just owning everything that i
consumed in the beginning that was my
introduction to the game let me just own
everything i consume and then i'll feel
okay
and then one dupe thing happened to me
in 2010
just after i'm home from prison on right
i'm home from prison
um i'm back in the streets hustling
because even though i have the
information i don't have the money
right and i'm like well
[__] i got to get the money my dog gets
kicked in
in 2010
they get uh eight pounds a week ten
thousand
eight pounds a week ten thousand dollars
a 223 a 40 with extended clip and a beam
and a hundred x pills
so the cop tells me
you ain't heard your lesson
and i was like damn
that was some dumb [__]
right like i got knowledge i got
information but i still fell victim to
the same [__] that everybody around me
knew
so therefore the knowledge that i had
wasn't powerful because it wasn't
applied
so i was fortunate god bless me um i
wind up getting found not guilty because
it's called fruit of a poisonous treat
so they kicked in my door but they
didn't have probable cause because they
stopped me and my truck didn't find
nothing on me so they went to my house
kicked the door and with no search
warrant so now everything you find is
null and void
that's purpose man cause that's not
supposed to happen right
i'm thinking for that all the time
and then
um
but that put me in a situation because
now even though it costs it cost me 60
to beat that charge i don't have no
money
so now i get into the robbing game so
now i start robbing doe dealers right
because og told me that a person who
works a job every day they're not a part
of this game
so they not fair game they you don't
mess with them but somebody who sells a
nickel bag
he fell again a shark don't care if it's
a tuna or whatever if you're in the
ocean swimming you fail game and so i
started arriving dope dealers at the
times i was like yo if you want you
can't call the police if you want to see
me see me i'm with it
and i got in a situation where
i was good at it me and my partner god
bless it so and then one day i almost
got killed and i go to my pot and i say
brown
like i said done deal
but when they kicked my door in
something
happened
so they took my truck they
took my money
but they didn't mess with my stock
account
it didn't freeze it didn't i said hold
up
they don't think i'm smart enough for
this
the book 48 laws of power it says uh
never underestimate your opponent
and at that point i realized that
america underestimates us
and it's not it's from a class issue
because we've never
said we're capable of doing this it's a
game we just didn't play
so i said okay
god what do you want me to do all i know
how to do is be a hustler
and the voice from 1999 comes in my head
and says you're just playing the wrong
game
i said oh okay start working as an iron
worker building stadiums building power
plants
it's crazy because i was making good
money two thousand dollars a week that's
good money that's not like yo two
thousand dollars a week yo that's it two
thousand twenty five hundred like it was
amazing i started saving and investing
seventy percent of my money ah damn i
was living bare minimum
i was like if i'm a change i gotta make
like the hard choices it's hard for
people to make sacrifices because you
got to now go go against and do without
some of the things that gives you that
momentary gratification that simple that
ah that's what keeps you alive that's
what keeps you going just to go on
vacation one time a year to get these
pair of shoes that may cost me a
thousand dollars i know i can't afford
them but
i've worked so hard i need that just to
keep giving me something
and so i was like okay
and once i started doing it man i
started showing my homies in the street
that it was a game changer it changed my
life you showing him your portfolio no i
was showing it yeah i was like yo look
i'm about to end this before robin hood
even existed right so i'm on e-trade at
the time and i'm like bro check this out
and we go get we go to the club bruh and
we buy
bottles hennessy
wet
we buy louis vuitton we buy fendi yo we
can own that
it was like what
like yo there's a stock called lvmh
louis vuitton wet hennessy
but you can get it on the market it's
lvmu why because it's in france and it
was like
what
i'm like man look i'm like listen bro we
upgrade our iphone every year
we can own apple and so now we own app
we own ipod probably we have timberlands
every day
and so that was like they got it but it
was like
i see it but i don't know and i was like
all right and so then i had an idea
i said check this out
we know the end result of being in
prison
i've been shot you've been shot you've
been shot we've did some shooting we've
all been to jail
who suffers
like your kids your moms your girl i
said at least what we got to do is if we
going to play the game we got at least
reward them for us playing the game
i was like so what we got to do is
invest our money for them so we making
ten five thousand dollars a week if we
can do that if we can make twenty
thousand dollars but we gotta give them
something if it ain't cash we gotta at
least put something up for them because
if we go on for ten years what they
gonna do we can at least have that fun
and then i was telling one of my
problems i was like listen bro you need
to invest the money cause he was making
more money than me i said what happens
when you get knocked off because one
thing you know your time is coming so
you lift the game until it's your time
you understand that
what happens when you go do a 5-10 year
bed and you come home and nobody can't
give you money
at least if you got it in the stock
market when you come home
you up
your money been working for you for 10
years five years you gotta ask nobody
for nothing you go to the real man what
you got he was like damn
that's smart right
and so my idea was like how do we get
how do we start changing the mindset and
some people might be like why would you
tell them that because what happens is
you got to start somewhere
you got to make the game winnable in the
language that we can understand
and so once you learn english now you
say you know i want to learn spanish i
want to learn french i want to learn
that because now you understand the
power of words and so once they started
understanding the power of the game
it was like okay i can play this game
and so it was powerful for me when my
home was in the street started investing
in money
that was a game changer for me
when my home is in the street who didn't
finish school who didn't go to college
started telling me man i bought some
apple bruh i bought some microsoft bro
i bought some nike brokers i'm about to
get the new js so i might
like that was powerful for me yeah we
made the game winnable dude you have a
phrase wall street looks like us oh she
looks like us now there's another phrase
you say but you should like put that
same like [__] stamp on it is i own
that i own that because you talk about
stocks in a way that sounds so rad
where it's like
you refer to yourself as an owner of the
company yes and and the thing is it
actually is true like you're not playing
a linguistic game it is true but people
don't think about it like that but it's
so much more powerful
than having a cool pair of kicks is to
say i own the company that makes those
kicks or i own the company that makes
that phone or you know tim cook the ceo
of apple works for me i'm a shareholder
right
it's uh it's really really powerful
explain that basic idea of ownership for
people that might not quite
put it together that stocks really are
owning that company
so i actually got that term from warren
buffett um
in one of his meetings want to say it
was a 1995 shareholder meeting and he
said that um he owned great owning a
stock is like is owning a percentage of
a great business
and so once i understood that concept i
understood that the key to wealth is
through ownership
like that's what that was one of the
things that made it click because i
studied the wealthy people like i
studied them um and i was like damn even
when you go back to black wall street
o.w gurley the reason why he bought he
has the 40 acres and those acreages one
of the things he did was he said i'm
going to sell these pieces to my people
so they can have ownership
i was like damn when you studied
reginald white one of the first black
man to make a billion dollars on wall
street it was about he wanted it to have
ownership so i said the key to building
wealth is not how much you can work
you can't work your way to wealth you
got to investigator and all wealthy
people black white asian chinese they
own a whole bunch of [__]
the people who aren't wealthy is because
they don't own nothing
you only have your money sitting in cash
if your money is just sitting in cash
realistically you're becoming poorer
every day
right or they own depreciating assets
and that's what cash is it's a
depreciating asset because the more
money they print the more money that
money loses value so if it's just
sitting it's the reason why the bank
wants you to have your money there so
they can take it and use it and invest
it so much and be like hey this is
sitting i'm gonna give you 50 cents on
whatever you had in it and so the idea
of ownership was you know we can just
start owning
everything that we no matter if it just
a stock
like that's powerful because if you can
start owning the businesses that you now
consume every day you turn a one-time
transaction to a lifetime of profit and
that was major for me because if i go to
the store and buy a pair of nikes
that's a one-time transaction in order
for me to get something from them again
i got to come back and buy another pair
of nikes but if i own the nike stock
long as i own it it's a profitable um
vehicle for me so that one time
transaction can become a lifetime of
profit if i own that business if i'm
gonna buy apple if i know i'm an apple
user if i know i got the phone i got the
error pods i got the macbook i got the
pc i got i excited when apple's about to
drop something why wouldn't i own it
as much of it as i can
right like if i if i understand that
concept if i know people gonna america
has one of the biggest trash problems in
the world right so if i know that waste
management is a company that's going to
be here forever because we aren't going
to stop throwing things away why don't i
own that company
because i know everybody throws things
away and so now instead of me getting
excited about apple lime being around
the corner because it's a new phone i'm
like yo y'all have to make me some money
right so when i hear something like
waste management has bought 40 acres of
disposable land for another landfill i'm
excited about that and another great
thing about the stock market is
for me it now makes me pay attention to
the world
and so now i understand what's going on
in the world i started learning business
cycles market cycles you know i'm like
because now i can understand yo
this is okay things are going out of
business it's okay we're in this cycle
okay people are hiring okay we're an
expansion cycle and so now i started to
take i took an economic class on my own
without
just understanding the world and so you
start understanding when something is
happening in china okay something
happening in china so i own apple apple
has 20 revenue in china okay they might
take a little hit right now
you know what i'm saying so the stock
market helped me start understanding how
the world moves the fundamentals right
right and so that's important i really
hope people i don't know i really hope
people pay close attention to you
because even in this interview they're
not going to understand how much you
know
and
i've listened to hours and hours and
hours and hours and hours of your
footage and i'm just like
[__] so one thing i want to i want to be
on record is saying and you can play
this on a loop on your [__] website
whatever is that i can afford any money
manager i want
and
you are as knowledgeable
as the money manager that i have i'm
very impressed with your ability to
explain these concepts and so that's
important to me for a couple of reasons
one there's there are certain people
that are only going to listen to you
so it's great so they now have access to
i'm telling you world-class information
and then number two is
the journey that you've been on you
started on the streets were homeless in
prison like really caught up in the
lifestyle
and
through knowledge you have transformed
your life and your family's life
and
if they can believe that you can do it
they have what i call the only belief
that matters
the only belief that matters is this if
you put time and energy into getting
better at something you will actually
get better at that
and that is true for every human now why
is that the only belief that matters
because your behaviors follow your
beliefs and only behaviors matter so if
you invest in the stock market even if
you don't believe in it your investment
could still go up
if you believe in the stock market and
know it's the surest path to wealth but
don't invest in the stock market you'll
never reap the games
so
getting people to believe that they can
get better because what you've done is
just read and study and research and
spend time watching cnbc and then you
look like i heard you once explained oh
i'll see a ticker symbol go by that i
don't know it i don't sit there and
waste time that i don't know it i just
go look it up yeah and so now that's
another ticker symbol and for anybody
that just heard ticker symbols like what
the [__] is the ticker symbol go look it
up yeah right so
you're
such a powerful example of the power of
knowledge
i think that's really really interesting
so yeah i i hope that this is for people
that didn't know you before coming into
this interview hopefully they'll spend
more time because they'll see just how
much you know man thank you for that and
that's i understand that uh
knowledge is what gives us leverage in
life
it's not about how strong you are
it's about what you can learn
and then how can you actively apply that
i have this acronym called fear
um finally exiting average reality right
and what happens is
until we can overcome the fear some
people actually fear success
success comes with a lot
right but until you can overcome that
average reality that you're living it no
matter what you're on once you become
comfortable there it becomes average
anyone can live in average
everyone can live in mediocrity right
then there's those outliers
who consistently push themselves to go
to the next level lebron spends one
million dollars on his body
working out eating right agility
mobility
because he will never be average
and the thing about the human mind in
the human body
it will go as far as you push it
right there is there's science that says
that gandhi levitated before
the power of the mind so you may look at
it like nobody can't levitate
out of your mind but there's a level of
meditation concentration that you can
lock into that can take you there as
long as you believe in it like you said
the only belief that matters is what do
you believe you can do
i personally believe that there is
nothing i cannot do and for me it's all
about impact purpose fulfillment
like the money is a byproduct of
everything else that isn't my focus my
focus is i have a knowledge and
information that i know that can change
lives not just one life not just like
lives
and so the way that you change lives is
by consistently learning finding new
ways to put that information out there
being able to open up being able to be
vulnerable because people need to
connect
people connect to knowledge in the way
that they can see two things that help
people imagery and vocabulary
what they see and what they hear
right so most people won't connect to a
certain knowledge because the people who
speak it
don't relate into can't speak the
knowledge in the way that they can eat
it
so for me it's always about how do i
attain as much it's always a challenge
for me
how can i attain as much knowledge as i
can because i love learning like i love
learning but then how do i take that and
be able to now reciprocate it or give it
to somebody who may not understand
calculus a trigonometry but if i can
give it to them in this
way they can say oh yeah
i got it and there's more people that
struggled in the world that has become
successful so struggle has to become a
language that i'm i struggle so that's
the language i'm great at so if i can
break down things into a struggle
language now i make it the game winnable
for everybody and that's the goal to
make the game winnable for everybody
who's bold enough
to step into the batting cage
if you bold enough to do that
i was bold enough to jump in a goddamn
152 foot tank with sharks in dubai if
you're bold enough to do it there's an
experience that comes from that and that
experience is so exhilarating it will
take you to the next level because now
you keep chasing the next level of you
and that is when you start understanding
life at a whole other concept when you
start understanding that yo for the
longest i was just low level living i
was low level thinking
now that i've been exposed to something
and i say this often
whatever you haven't been exposed to
isn't your fault
once you get exposed to it you now are
accountable for it
and so once i've become exposed to so
much knowledge and information once i
expose you to it you accountable because
now you can no longer say i didn't know
what do you say to people that don't
think they have enough money to invest
so the important thing for me to tell
them is start where you are
you build a house break by brick
i mean of course you can get a house put
together all at once
we live in there i get the idea right
but you build a mansion you build an
empire you build it brick by brick like
you start with 25 dollars if and we have
to understand think
uh r.i.p to nip man that great he says
something that's phenomenal he said we
own a marathon
we didn't get into our situation
overnight
right we looking back at our situation
you see that was you inherited
that whatever it is that poverty you
inherited that that mindset that idea
scarcity that idea that you don't have
enough money you inherited that
building well becomes a revolutionary
act
because now you start saying i'm going
to go against what i was taught
right and so i said by starting with 25
if you can do 25 a month that's cool if
you can do 25 hours a week that's cool
because what happens is
once you start understanding the power
of how your money works you'll start
saying yo i don't need to do that
because that's taken away from this
let me that 25 will now become 50
dollars guaranteed that 50 will not
become 100 because you're going to start
doing more with less the person who
works out and sees that they drop 10
pounds in two weeks says you know what
i'm gonna go a little harder because i
know if i can drop 10 i can drop 20.
right i know if i can get if i see one
muscle shape up i know it's possible
the word possible is so powerful
possible changes the game
instead of it being impossible we now
say i am possible i i'm possible
that changes the dynamic so the first
mindset is saying invest in your first
stop it don't have to be a winner it
doesn't have to be a home run it can be
an atm t stock that costs 26 right now
it may not be the best investment in the
world but you started
right and the great thing about anything
is you can't be great if you never go to
practice you can't hit 81 if you never
get in the gym yeah
so just get in the gym
and then find somebody who can teach you
be dedicated to understanding the
process
warren buffett said he reached 500 pages
a day
that lets me know i got a whole lot more
reading to do that i'm an audible book
junkie right now because i'm trying to
because i can if he's the greatest
investor
and if he's reading 500 pages a day i
don't know how he does it but in my mind
if he's still learning i got a whole lot
of learning to do it's somebody like
monet pride and guy spivey can pay
warren buffett a million dollars to have
lunch with him
and these are already great investors
who i look up to if they can pay him a
million dollars to go have lunch with
him that means there's trying to learn
their learning has to go to the next
level so if learning is the catalyst to
everybody who's wealthy and successful i
can never be sufficient with what i know
and i think that has to happen too we
have to understand the power and
learning and being educated man
no doubt yeah man where can people find
out more because i intentionally did not
spend a lot of time on the actual
financial part of it
but you have so much good information
where can people connect with you and
learn more so on instagram is wall
underscore street underscore trapper and
on youtube it's just wall street trapper
um on twitter it's wall street 504 all
right cause somebody stole my wall
street traveling man
[Laughter]
but that's where i'm at right now all
right what about your classes i'll have
those i have those on um
the travel university man i have a
vision man i'll talk to you about it um
so the trap university um is where you
can get all the courses all the ebooks i
appreciate that man for sure i mean we
and i teach just investing on so many
different levels for us and i also have
a a group called travelers anonymous
[Laughter]
but we teach a lot of stuff i'm a lot of
engaged in that so definitely man but
just check them out on social media you
don't even have to get nothing from me
just check me out on there and then that
information will change your life for
sure man thank you for that for sure for
sure
boys and girls
this one was important i knew that this
was going to be a lot of fun and i
didn't know just how meaningful it was
going to be
i'm meeting him today for the first time
obviously like anybody i researched the
life out of them but uh yeah i would be
very surprised if uh we don't do more
uh
i
i think what you're doing is is the tip
of a revolutionary spear so i hope that
you guys follow him what you can find
for free will already change your life
and i'm telling you right now that i
have access to anybody about money and i
found his information
really useful and usability is the
highest amp i can put on something so
i hope you guys will dive in make use of
the information that he has it really is
uh the ability to build wealth is
available for anybody that can avoid
eating marshmallow for today and can
play the long game as he said i think
that's very wise speaking of things that
are very wise if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
salute
now i always cut losses quickly i only
invest small amounts that i am willing
to lose if the stock starts to go
against me for whatever reason i don't
care how good my analysis was if it goes
against me by five percent i'm out